welcome back to eldora speedway for the
King's Royal fifty thousand dollars on
the line tonight but first you have to
make it through your he traces the man
starting third in heat race number one
is our fast timer Paul McMahon and he's
downstairs with Shane Andrews fast timer
here at the King's Royal Paul McMahon
your ninth fast time of 2010 what are
you guys doing to be fast all the time I
really don't know just our speedway
engines run real well and you know my
maximum race cars go roll around the
racetrack real good just madam does a
great job getting me a good race car
underneath me for qualifying and you
know it just shows how good our motors
are part 1 of the process is done
obviously now you got to go through the
heat races but you're pretty good here
at Eldora you one here back in May what
do you got to do to get to Victory Lane
for this King's Royal well first of all
we got to get get through our here ace
we got to run top three and they got the
fast guys starting on the inside of row
to tonight so it's gonna be a little bit
tougher to get up the preferred lines
the top here at Eldora so got to get up
to the top as fast as we can and get to
the front as fast as we can because I
believe if I if I went my heat race I'll
start six of the main have been the only
good thing about qualifying being quick
time tonight is guaranteed to be in the
main event of his something bad happens
Paul McMahon fast timer here at the
King's Royal pleased to have with us
tonight a former World of Outlaws
champion Dave Blaney is back one of the
hot shoes of Motorsports back behind the
wheel of a 410 here at the King's Royal
Dave Blaney a two-time winner of this
event here with us tonight you start
fourth in your heat race you need to be
in the top three to get into the show
what do you need to do haha I don't know
I you know this place is hard these guys
are so fast and we you know honestly
we're out here trying to get left races
under my belt and do you come in here
with much for expectations but yeah it's
um it's going to be intense heat race
heat races for those top three spots go
down and
maybe not what's the been what's been
the biggest hurdle this weekend jumping
back behind the wheel of the 410 oh just
everything you know getting used to you
know I've run four or five races here in
the last month but nothing you know when
you come here this is you know the most
speed we see with these cars and this is
a hard place and you can look pretty
foolish pretty easy here so it's just
just getting time back in them Dave
Blaney looking for his way into the
King's Royal Dave Blaney one at they
record nine former winners of the King's
Royal in competition tonight time for
heat racing and he raised number one
looks like this is the wild child Jack
Hobbs children Stevie Smith on row
number one Paul McMahon's the fastest
qualifier in this group who lined up in
row number two alongside of Tim caning
as we get set for the start we'll talk a
little bit about the format by Brad as
time for the super clean start of the
race heat race number one is ready to go
in Stevie Smith gets the jump over
Honshu in the third number one
water the racetrack before this first
heat race on these guys
what kind of race track I'm going to
have its a little stickier right now
than have
let's talk about the format Brad only
the top three are going to move on a
huge our malls game shop there well it's
going to be tough to win 50,000
the top three to the a the next three go
to last chance showdown the next three
go to the sea main so if you have any
problems or break downs or flat tire you
can find yourself buried in the sea main
it's a little bit of an old school
format in that way no Provisionals
tonight either so nothing can save you
got to run it out on the racetrack right
the only thing is the top two qualifiers
you don't transfer tutor Heat are
guaranteed to be in the show other NAT
you're right no no provisions everybody
to race their way in
in car number are nineteen twenty third
starting spot last night to finish sixth
in the old ones 45 her glass number are
I mentioned a racetrack you can see now
and that cushion moving higher hard soft
dirt up there see
the 20 car trying to
you know Tony let's talk a little bit
about him Brad I think sprint car fans
really owe this guy a debt of gratitude
when he purchased the track from the
ball of his family he didn't he did not
have to continue on with the King's
Royal and all the big events that they
have here but he did a good job Mike I
even he's races going because obviously
the bands and Senators welcome well I
would almost think he has to feel like
it's done a balancing act to keep the
tradition alive here at Eldora but he's
made a lot of improvements the amenities
and the rest rooms and suites up and
turns friend
video screen up there so made a lot of
good improvements but I've kept a lot of
the history here also well Stevie Smith
looks like is going to have this one
handily under control he wins heat race
number one Paul McMahon will finish
second jack hawkins Hillary will finish
in the third spot those three
transferred to tonight's feature event
Tim Katie and Lucas look they're going
to have to do with the hard way through
the last chance showdown and there is
the winner Stevie Smith from originally
boksburg Pennsylvania let's show you
heat race number two here's how it will
look Daryn Pittman is on the front row
alongside of tim schafer the fastest
qualifier in the group is Joey Saldana
in car number nine and then you'll have
Dave Blaney Craig Dollansky hannigan bin
Greg and Brian Paulus heavy hitters and
the tough competition all the way
through just a quick eight slapdash here
in these great yeah no no easy he traces
anywhere but the field here this weekend
is unbelievable here inhibit gets the
job they healthy start they're not a
good start for Tim shape
yeah it looks like his engine maybe it
didn't take off when he got on the
throttle and stumbled a little bit and
he finds himself back there ways
the last email battle they fly down the
front straightaway
donna with shaffer behind him as they
try to catch Derek hitman hitman one the
25th Kings royal in 2008
man they're right up there that could
just continues to move up as the night
progresses and I imagine Brad before the
collapse when it pushes that berm in
that cushion just higher higher up along
the wall again after a lot of these guys
tend to like it there they're pretty
high right there turn Pitman getting up
over a little bit as it goes through
turn to fit in the Indy race parts part
number thirteen this year at the king
koil and you can see that squishing
certain to what we call firm up a little
bit starting to roll up when I can make
it treacherous as you try to lean the
riper attire
more when it's first walking up with you
Trey
there see the car actually take apush
you got to be careful Oh saldana talk to
us a little bit of before the Rays about
having his favorite engine of the
to some great efforts to have the guys
at speedway engines in this particular
engine under the under the hood force a
nice action till we hurt the thing it
makes actually quite early
talked about that earlier Bobby don't
you need your favorite everything
especially your engineer help door
because it takes a lot of horsepower
there's the crowd pleaser Craig
Dollansky he was ninth last night he
changed into for tonight a winner last
week at the cedar lake and he's the
track record holder here and there is
Daryn Pittman back out in front part
number thirteen work in the final lap
nice and smooth he takes the checkered
flag and Derek hitman is the winner
Joey Saldana finish the second Tim
Schafer will come across the line third
those three into tonight's Kings royal
so he race number two in the books heat
race number three is coming up Donny
Schatz is going to be in that one don't
go anywhere you are watching the King's
Royal on speed